# madeleinemin8.github.io

In the past year, frog memes have become extremely popular online, with thousands of frog meme accounts popping up on Instagram and gaining thousands of followers each day. I admit to being one of these followers. I, like thousands of other social media users, love to consume silly frog content to cope with the pervasiveness of more serious and often performative influencer content. After a few minutes of scrolling through outfit shots and selfies, all I really want to see is a cute frog with a funny hat. It's kind of a nihilist practice, denying reality in that way and accepting the absence of meaning as reality instead. But I've been seeing a lot of repeated content and images lately, so I have been thinking--is this form of content really any more free form than influencer accounts? There are creators who make content specifically to satisfy their viewers, all mediated through Instagram's format and cultural specifications, just like any other content on the platform. So I wanted to take frog meme content out of the social media context and explore the possibilities of different media forms to see what I could create. The result was a frog meme game in which players must collect flies to feed the frog, a meaningless but satisfying activity which therefore satisfies a similar function to scrolling through posts. When the player collects enough frogs to fill up the progress bar, they are redirected to a VR environment which was built with HTML and a-frame. 3D immersion is an experience that a user can't really find on social media, so I thought it nicely highlighted the endless possibilities of media forms once content is taken out of social media.
